Add ARIA note to PWA tutorial for improved accessibility (#34156)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/display/index.md

> If you want to visually hide the element, a more accessible alternative is to use [a combination of properties](https://gomakethings.com/hidden-content-for-better-a11y/#hiding-the-link) to remove it visually from the screen but keep it parsable by assistive technology such as screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to visually hide the element, a more accessible alternative is to use [a combination of properties](https://webaim.org/techniques/css/invisiblecontent/) to remove it visually from the screen but still make it available to assistive technology such as screen readers.
```

Author: Incorporated, Please do a review

> > **Note:** While `display: none` hides content from the accessibility tree, this behavior can be overridden using ARIA attributes. For example, elements that are hidden but still need to be referenced for accessibility purposes can be addressed using `aria-describedby` or `aria-labelledby`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `display: none` hides content from the accessibility tree, elements that are hidden but are referenced from visible elements' `aria-describedby` or `aria-labelledby` attributes are exposed to assistive technologies.
```
this edit informs readers that elements are exposed without recommending that users do this.
